for
for for
my heart
Dre
wait is my mic not muted shout
out it's fine just uh pretend you can't
hear
me I could mute my microphone but then
I then the something
I am not playing Cookie Clicker I
promise
what is my like volume out up a
bit
um it's
fine or could I increase it in
Properties or
whever oh I
can wait a okay wait
is my microphone now Lou louder
now wait and I turn this up by that and
then this
by nice
okay and then the thing I do is like
once I start to get ready I'm like I
start to show random things on camera
while still double cheing
[Music]
everything B is here
okay what do I show on camera
today hi baddy we're we're still we're
still in
a we we're still technically not started
yet but what the [__] happened oh
wait see okay that's what happens is
Discord
stops transmitting
Spotify if unless I'm
muted that's what it did it just said uh
no don't play copyrighted music it's
like it's my music but it's
fine thanks for
nothing okay
no what I do with Spotify is I usually
just put it on private mode or I just
stay
muted just I didn't have it on private
mode because I decided I was like I may
as well scrubble my own music while I'm
at
it because I'm My Own biggest
fan you have to be like that
all right
hello let's
uh this year actually if you check my
last
FM my one of my top artist I think my
top artist or second top artist it's
just
me yeah first it's swans then it's me
then it's blade then it's Echo
2K
um now there is a problem that I have
and that is
I let me go ahead and uh bring my screen
on okay we're technically started um hi
Juno hi
Juno hello hello
hello
um because I make
music I can't listen to music while I
make music so even though I have like
Last FM for scrabbling and
stuff
um I end up not listening to a lot of
music during periods where I'm working
cuz I can't listen to
anything and then by the time I'm doing
stuff where I don't have to listen to
music often times I'm like so ear
fatigued I'll just like put on like ASMR
videos instead that's that's my
go-to so when it comes to actually
listening to me music it only happens at
very specific
times but uh yeah last stream I said the
next stream I would
do the album would be uh announced by
then and we did
it we did
it it's happening
now
uh I was like chatting with Glacier all
day yesterday being like is this good is
this good yes that's good that's good oh
make this change do this thing we got to
get this [__] done we're everything's
going to be
chill
um and like Glacier is like such a hero
because
uh I would say say that the albums like
Athos I sort of owe
to
like I'm not getting out of Haw to a
school I think Monarch uh in a lot of
its Aesthetics and a lot of the ideas in
the story
are drawn
from a lot of the
things I talked about with with body
with Glacier with stereo and also Juno
shout out Juno a lot of the imagery in
the album is derived from concept stuff
that Juno did which is pretty sick I got
to like sit back a little bit cuz like
everyone just kept having good
ideas I was like oh [__] yeah what just
wrong with
this
um but I was like debating on on how far
I wanted to go with the
album and I was scared
of
like what's the
word I was scared that the current plans
I had and everyone I was like working
with was uh wouldn't allow me to go as
far as I wanted to so that's where
Glacier came in cuz uh Glacier and I are
friends and
there is
a uh aspect of their
art that felt like in this album needed
that sort of
intensity and
uh I was very inspired
by uh a lot of their sensibilities to
really go and uh do more lean into the
intensity of the album more
so because of that
cover it
helped because the idea of that cover
and the idea of like the intensity were
going
to express that helped me actually I
think make the album that I was supposed
to
make cuz I didn't want to hold back and
I felt myself holding back a little
bit
um yeah I mean I said the album was
going to be where oh yeah I was said
doing
this I'm going to screens share on
Discord too so you can see I'm sing on
to it for this stream to
buffer
um yeah I wanted to make it clear that
this
[Music]
album is a lot
more uh intense and a lot more
mature and the way to do that I think
was partially with having the art the
way that it is
so we were going to claim the spot here
I
think I don't know if it's just this
spot or if I'm want to take the whole
thing I kind of don't build very big
external out
doors well there is gor and
horror just not on the album
cover G
hello bro oh it's bedtime
bro time to hit the
H the server heard
you so I wasn't even expecting to finish
the album until the end of this month
but I ended up fin finishing it at the
beginning of the
month and I was like so ready to go with
everything but we didn't have the album
cover gler experien L of setbacks that
were out of their
control but they they're like such a
hero for this
project I been uh writing this album for
almost 2 years but I didn't have
a a cover artist
necessarily until a few months ago was
bouncing around the idea with a few
other people Neco is one of the main
candidates
but um as the album got more and more
intense in concept I was like okay we we
need to make sure we can communicate
this in the
cover a little bit more viscerally than
what I was already planning to so that's
how that ended up being that
way I was also seeing people I don't
know if it was a joke or not
but people were like oh this is like a
sequel to Carousel that's not it's not a
SE to
Carousel like obviously Creek CL
has to do with the lore but it's not
because this is a
sequel like the carousel story is done
Creek flow is just a free agent in the
in the
lore body you've left your C outside to
have the rain sponged
your cat is sponging out right
now okay I'm
waiting
no what
what is it
bro you don't to get cat the
borrow must
do H Okay so
for the Baseline and
uh uh no matter what 2023 I don't keep
tabs on anything I don't write anything
when I'm performing like guitar string
instruments
um I do it entirely by ear I never write
out guitar cords or anything I just like
play it
so basically if anyone ever has a
question do you have the tabs for a SE
and so it's like it's never going to be
yes it's kind of like not impressive
actually it's just like I'm too
lazy you got it
within I'm coming
that is cat house cat Cat's Cat's
house yes
R playing by ear has its benefits and
its
drawbacks the benefit is that I haven't
really had to have guitar education
because I can basically hear a chord in
my head and be like okay let me find
those notes in the
guitar and then just do that but the
drawback is
that this is the reason I can't perform
live as of right
now one of the main reasons I can't
perform live is because I I
spontaneously come up with these ideas
and then I kind of just don't remember
them
afterwards so I'd have to like pra I'd
have to actually practice them which I
don't do that when I'm working on music
I don't rehearse I don't practice it's
just like I'm doing what's right for the
recording in the
moment and
uh so as a result um I usually don't
remember
everything and the guitar on Monarch is
a lot more complex than anything I've
done before with guitar
which means that it's even harder for me
to
remember I could definitely find it if I
take like a few minutes but if I'm
performing live I don't have that kind
of
time
okay should definitely build a bridge
here I
think but uh let's get the sand first
how hard is it to learn basic chords and
notes on a guitar um honestly it's hard
and
easy I think learning the cords in
theory is like really easy but I think
playing them is another thing
cuz I'm a piano player and I'm used to
just having to press down a thing
whereas guitar there's more to it
there's a lot of dynamic there's string
noise muting and
like and unlike piano you don't get to
do full chords all the
time I think that's the biggest
challenge with Monarch has been
uh I prefer playing jazz style
piano that is like my preference so I
love big chords very big chords with
like seven to eight S to nine notes at a
time
sometimes more cuz you can press more
than one note with one finger that would
just go crazy so one of the struggles
with Monarch has been okay you can have
like one to six notes to work with I'm
like that's actually really scary for me
as a piano
player
um hold I'll answer your question a
second I'm trying to figure out the
layout for this
maybe it's just I build very similar
houses all the time because I just like
the same ideas one 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
12 13 we should have it be even I think
squids love to be suicidal it's just in
their
nature okay um let's just count this 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 let's just do
that 12 by whatever the
[__] so with a lot of the
performances uh on
[Music]
Monarch
uh that he could corroborate this too
cuz it got to hear a lot of the
process
um really it's just like I'm just
[__] around on the guitar until I
find a pattern that feels nice and like
good and then I basically
just go hard on that pattern as hard as
I can and then that comes out into
something now because I'm one person I
had to do a lot of overdubbing
because I am one
person
um so my method was often I would write
stuff in MIDI
uh and like put arrange like sounds
first and then I'd start to play over
them and then slowly progressively work
my way towards something less of a
loop almost this is like a
different process than what I'm used to
and it was kind of uh
painful there are lots of
like I guess walls and drones on this
album and I didn't want to just rely on
like Reverb and delay and like pedals
and stuff to just get that sound to
sustain
so again bad can corroborate this I
really I would sit there literally
jackhammering my
guitars and you would just hear me
wincing and like bleeding a little
bit it was painful in the moment and it
felt felt beautiful when it was
over do I want to make this Frame like
this like that yeah maybe that seems
fun bedtime already
yeah and there's also some vocal
performances on the album where my
throat actually
bled because of some of the uh things I
was
doing um I started coughing up blood and
[__] was fun
it sounds a lot worse than it actually
is it kind of didn't really matter too
much oh yeah the the throat bleeding is
is long done I got that done as early on
in the album as
possible so we're all
good I don't want to make it sound like
oh I'm like so badass for that like I
was just like let just happened let
chill though
like I think everyone was freaking out a
lot more than I
was am I making Stonehenge yeah sort
of I always build the same [__] frame
don't I bu
makes me seem a lot less Minecraft
impressive I could probably build
something else but I don't know I just
love wood cabin ass fishing place type
[__]
feeling pone hen is the worst [__]
[__] I've ever heard in my life
I actually got no noise complaints
Believe It or Not throughout the entire
making of This
Album it was really
nice cuz I was doing some of the
screaming recordings like 3 in the
morning
they were probably really scared too
yeah that's that's a good
point also what's funny is I was using a
new uh word
processor for writing the lyrics but
mainly the
story and the word processor needs to
send stuff over the internet to like a
like a grammar checker for like Advance
like style checks and stuff and I just
imagined like cuz some of the some of
the [__] I've written and performed for
this album was just
like stuff you cannot believe that was
verbally spoken I think
occasionally and the idea of like this
computer on the other side of the world
having to like read everything I was
writing and just I was like I was
picturing this computer just like can
you just [__] stop it stop giving me
these [__] just leave me alone I'm tired
of this no
more oh I need
shears I made shears didn't I
there are points on the album where I
like record a lyric and i' like have to
stop because of just like
the emotional state through me into to
have to like verbalize
something never experienced that with an
album before but those are first for
everything I did make shares I have
plenty of iron but I don't want to have
to keep using my iron
I want shares oh for the
trees I don't know if I want to get rid
of any of these more other trees I might
go and uh chop down some other ones
there a little bit further away at least
until I know what to do with this
area it was hard to write it but a lot
of the things things on the
album that I
wrote are like words and sentences I
don't think I've ever verbalized with my
mouth and voice before there's like kind
of a lot to deal with and
hear was very excruciating what was
happening but I'm I've been starting to
acclimate to it because I've heard the
album so many times now
I was I just submitted the uh the lyrics
to distribution and I got scared cuz
there are a few songs in I have in mind
that are like extremely alarming the
lyrics are just like extremely alarming
and every single one of those songs
didn't pass the automatic
verification for the lyrics for all the
other songs as soon as I upload the
lyrics it's like okay your lyrics have
been approved and they you're all good
and all the songs in my mind that felt
like they would be really like
concerning to distribution all of those
got
held and they had to do manual checks on
those
ones but they all went through
inevitably but I'm pretty sure that
meant someone had to like read the [__]
I wrote so
uh whoever's a distribution chat out for
uh ruining your day in life or
something yeah if I made someone quitted
at like this Tre should I be really like
like actually that's not my problem they
chose this
my least favorite part of this video
game known as
Minecraft is chopping down trees
especially spruce trees cuz the spruce
trees are my favorite but God
damn big ass place
iPhone
go oh it's a lush
cave well we are in a tiger
but they're probably isn't a very
specific job uh do way to teleport me
you to me
bu not yet
okay yeah it's like I don't think
there's like a professional lyric
Checker I think it just overlaps with
some other work that someone does you
know yeah know genuinely I I think that
anytime the Monarch lyrics have had to
pass out of my hands and into someone
else's for whatever reason it's just
been like a nightmare
probably it's like funny to think about
until I actually think about what the
lyrics are
you can write an essay about my
production and how it's amateurish
it's
goofy actually I won't talk like that
I'm kind of
awesome have
[Applause]
self-confidence I think just like
playing a lot of guitar humbled me a lot
cuz it's easy to get stuck in like this
uh trap of whatever you're used to doing
already and being like reasonable at it
cuz I'm definitely like not I wouldn't
say I'm in my
opinion I feel
like I don't know what the actual
consensus would be but I feel like in my
opinion I'm not good at guitar but I
don't really care it's fun and uh that's
that's what I care about the
most and I don't think the album will
make it sound like I'm bad at playing
guitar cuz
it'll probably sound like I can actually
play guitar but I take a while to
actually arrive at the things I'm
writing and like I said if I try and
pick it back up and I'd have to like
find the cords again cuz I don't
actually
know that said most of the
time uh there are very few edits to the
guitar parts so they're pretty much just
as I perform
them I'm not against uh like comping
guitar stuff and like editing it
together but for this album specifically
I just wanted to not do it I just wanted
to like prove to myself that I could
play a guitar and then uh once I've
proved myself then I can play around and
edit stuff and uh do more production on
it oh I was about
to go to the
cave hold
on I not near the base would you be able
to
sleep actually let me just Mark the
place
actually just give me a second cuz I
need to put this stuff away I have a
pretty full inventory would be a
terrible idea for me to go caving right
now
okay I go find that cave
again I think one of the biggest reasons
I can make music so quickly is that I
literally can do any style I feel
like so it's I'm not like okay time for
bro step album Number 10 that's like one
what what's on the menu today for my
interest what am I listening to right
now that's like inspiring
me I was so close
to being known as someone for a specific
style for a specific genre like I was so
close to being the EDM person and then
so close to being the pop only
person but somehow I became
that fox terrified me what the fox say
or
something am I going the right direction
do I actually know where the cave
was instead I
became girl that makes music and uh any
music
what I'm grateful is that I accomplished
uh diversifying all of my Styles in time
for people to discover me so now I'm
left with an audience that just knows
I'm going to do whatever the [__] I want
and they're not asking for a specific
thing all the
time so I'm very happy about
that it almost didn't happen that way
but because of that I kind of just will
never run out of ideas cuz I can do
whatever I
want also uh I think I've already said
I'm going to do a country album at some
point oh I think I found the
cave I I've been wanting to do a country
album for for a
minute I is this hold on this was not
the angle I was looking at if this is a
cave iPhone I need
you okay that's was okay um let me just
mark
this L
cave
okay oh yeah I wanted to make a country
album cuz country music were really
good I was saying in an earlier stream I
have a Telecaster now so I could do a
proper country music
I I have the cave marked bdy I'm just
going to go back to base and uh put some
of the [__] away and then we can
go go
yeah will I put banjo on the album yeah
I actually have a
banjo um yeah I have a banjo sitting
next to my bed I've already used it in a
country demo
so I'd never actually held a banjo
before I bought one obviously I know
what they sound like but the moment I I
played it and heard it with my own ears
and felt it for what it was I was like I
I fell in love with
that b is such a beautiful instrument
and uh very very gentle history
lesson uh there are people who are who
are tempted to say that the B banjo is
the American instrument it's America's
contribution to the folk music world
however uh the banjo actually migrated
here from Africa it is it is an African
instrument
and most people don't know
that that is to say let's we're we're
still hunting to figure
out what America has uh properly
contributed to the m to the music world
but
Ralph yes that's
me I'm Ral hello
R
uh so let me answer this question uh is
music expensive can I get into music as
a broke person do you mean making music
or listening to
[Music]
music I don't have a lot of do you have
a lot of coal back
[Music]
here I feel like torches would be good
America contributed
me but my family came from the
Philippines and China
respectively so did it really in the
long
term okay grab
these can I steal some fish as well
thank you I'm just going to take half a
stack I got iPhone I got
bread let me get this in
here okay I think I'm set to
go so making music
um if you already have a computer
uh pirate your software
easy let me make sure I have the thing
on on the map let me enable
POI there we go nice
like if you're broke and you want to
make
music pirate your software get free
samples sample other
music make money off of it and then buy
buy
tools there you go
I was just talking in the previous
stream
like if you want to get into guitar
literally just buy a squire cheap ass
Squire and that'll get you all the way
honestly or steal one
[Applause]
there's apparently a thing with five
string guitars lately that I've been
hearing about I'm curious guess about
it
okay oh let me grab some
water so we can get in there
oh Spotify lets me see the countries
that everyone's that the listeners are
from and I think there are very few
countries that I don't have listeners
in I mean I'm pretty sure I have
listeners in every country that Spotify
exists
in I swear to God there are angle and
violet Pony listeners which is
interesting
sorry I just wanted the coal Coal's
currently a really necessary I forgot to
put the water that's why I took damage
hold
on don't mind
me let me just get up there
the sentence I know someone bought a
violet CD in Indonesia is like a threat
it's like I know where you
live all right guys we're going to mine
at night so
the laughter begins in
midnight I don't give a [__] what Button
Mash tells me I will kill button m
let's find out if this is actually going
to be a worthwhile cave for anything
other than the Lush
accessories now here's some
coal there's a m shaft there
we've already been down there that's a
very interesting stream is
it
potentially let
dripstone I don't like doing automated
farms for Minecraft it ruins the fun of
crafting and
Mining where am I hold on let me I
torching but apparently not good enough
where am I don't know where I am hold on
okay I'm on my
way
hello um do you want to go in that
direction that I was just
in okay
there is copper I'm not mining it just
yet cuz it's not essential but
eventually I'm going to come in here and
grab all the [__]
copper so I can build all the good [__]
that copper is
for oh see yeah quote me I will kill
button Mouse I will do
it all it takes is uh one pillow and a
lot of force
that is a different part of the
cave this will uh be a project of not
doing that right now let's go back
let's see what this pocket has nothing
oh about this other
pocket and this pocket is nothing
uh sweetie bear will be sad but it'll
help her get over her
compat funky green Beast arrives right
now don't don't come near don't come
near the creepy oh the creeper is
guarding just dirt that's
nice does this plume go into that other
area we were just
in question
mark I'm also
realizing the
okay
sure does anyone know how to pronounce
one or trick Point
ever oh this isn't funny anymore oh
because of uh Daniel Layton
am I going anywhere productive right now
or am I going into another wall
somewhere I'm going somewhere very
productive how nice okay well I have a
way
down mind your
stop no I don't
mind why are you having danger arrows in
front of me
hi musical crafts
[Applause]
sorry I was about to I was about to say
those are
alligators I'm just playing with mine
mine Little Pony mom
mod and a journey map
and I think inventory is
next a pleasant
axles can
I I've created a drink
sorry actually I need some of these too
don't I
yeah that's
fine okay that goes down to deep
site why did that's like kind of
frighten me for no reason
just a big ass
flower hop above and crunch the
cheese yay my lamb skewers have arrived
that's like really sweet that's my God
uh that you've cooked and
eaten can I I need to go make a pickaxe
give me a second don't move
oh I'm
scared oh do I really want to
teleport this
again
oh okay
did I have a second pickaxe I think it
was like really dead though unless I'm
stupid which I very well might
be okay
think okay I think I can
do SL TP candy and that should be
fine so it's enter paste
enter oh no it's it's slash paste enter
okay oh I stopped
suffocating oh I do have a second
pickaxe I'm so
idiot thank you
I do not know why the teleport behaves
this
way but
are you speaking polish to people in
job oh this go
Farish does that go somewhere
I
up there's nothing really down there I
don't think
I do want to find some way to get down
to Natural deep site
level snooping as
usual yeah I do have
diamonds
but it was so loud did you hear it on
your there's deep s
here I
how my torches doing I don't have a lot
of torches
left okay
iPhone if you weren't already aware
iPhone in 13
seconds are you ready
no don't be scared it's a part of the
Natural Way of the of
life I kind of just realized we're
snooping as usual I see so we need to go
up
yo yo my brother Carlton Luigi could you
make me a sandwich no
I forced baddy to watch fesh Pence one
and two yesterday in promptu and like
the only thing it could say to me
afterwards was was that 30 minutes long
G and
Danto because
Minecraft finally getting some coal up
in here though
D kind of R oh oh there's like a little
Nook here that goes further about a deep
slate level quite far
I was going to say we were playing like
this Pony Roblox roleplay
oh this Pony Roblox
game
and everyone was like speaking
Russian I was like sitting there trying
to read this Relic I remember distinctly
being like three
Princess
Cadence oh Princess Cadence nice
oh little drop off from there
careful don't want to turn into a giant
rot do
[Music]
you
you're you're
but I how many torches do you
have 61 21 I'm up
here would you mind giving me all your
torches thank
you uh
[Music]
why what could you've done baty you know
Lord grummond isn't going to be very
happy about this
stop
it Oh I thought I needed to eat
I might be the silliest GE Under the
Sea there was a big old Lush over here
de there was a big old Lush over here
D there
wait I'll come over there this place
gets really
deep this place is very expensive I
would suggest cuz I have a lot stack of
coal
now I would suggest we head back
and race stock and try
to deal with
this as we
go I am going the wrong way where do I
go where the [__]
de the danger Arrow
I kind
of where are you
oh where's the
where
oh that one's that one's for you you
found buddy
daddy you found this one this is
yours where is the other
one the [__] is going on with the
zombie yeah this goes really deep we
have to go back
and this
is
like
oh M shaft well let's check out the M
shaft really
quickly I think I had seen that on the
map but I ignored at
I can always come back to get those that
frightened me just slightly
this m shaft is very standard
fair with a few yummers along the way
don't quote me
what is that I see it's another M shaft
suppose I see a trial chamber I don't
think we're ready for
it maybe soon
where you found a very big vein
okay I think we should head back I'll
make a note of
the trial chamber over there
let's find a way
out
wait where did we come from
okay okay
and now what did we come up from up
there oh we fell down from up top didn't
we that's what we did that's what you
did I near followed
oh that's right we found this place from
this one narrow single
block passageway
why don't we make it slightly
bigger okay
oh there's the way we did it
are you parkouring
bro add where are you killing
yes cuz you
killed okay you didn't
kill don't Shri don't Shri don't
Shri don't
shriek it's
shriek so shrieky
decky
honestly I'm waiting you
honestly on the third on the third day
God said now are we rushing in or are we
going in sneaky beaky
like and uh that's when I started
believing in God
just checking them
out which God I don't know I'm still
thinking about
it Kio Kima
uh the Heart
Lake it's a Heart
Lake for
I heard a
skeleton Skelly eleton and then
I would probably download that as long
as uh Sunset Shimmer wasn't in it
[Music]
any reason why cuz I hate her
I don't this is a joke this is a half
joke
everyone that has a gun if she didn't
know I hear
you yep
I didn't just sing my pastes not today
and girls who are Wizards I sing my past
do not today uh well no I didn't that
was ster
day I didn't do that ster day did
that top facts about Sunset actually you
know what I needed to do another one of
those videos I know who to do it on and
I think I will do it on Sunset
I'll do some joke about bacon or
whatever Ro blocks bacon here s that
Shimmer
Mario ring
spooky scary
skib Sunset shimmers down your resz or
something
rizing down your
are you delighted to do this to my
chests their hinges will soon break
it is delightful
bro I said the creek meal like Creek
flows McDonald's meal
does anyone know if McDonald's is still
in BDS
personal favorite song from the upcoming
album um for
once this album like every song I really
really really
like and I'm very proud of
it it's one of one of the few times
where I have a hard time choosing
immediately what my favorites are
I need iPhone get that
back where we at Haw to a school I don't
know cuz it's time to get educated I
don't
know something like that
okay honestly it's not that big of a
loss cuz McDonald's kind of [__] but
like there is that craving any now every
now and then
but shout out to the BDS list for
helping me lose weight
honestly it's kind of funny
like yeah of course like these shitty
companies would would uh support
genocide with food [__] anyway
I mean I like Shetty food sometimes it's
not like it's all that
P does go well with chicken skars but
not Fried
Chicken it is a very specific thing
that's like extremely true but I don't
think I would have thought of that
yeah peanut sauce like you go get
tyu that's where that's where it hits
the
best I'm a [__] tyer now dude
some like ridiculously spicy chicken and
soup with like tii te that sounds like
the [__] [__] right now
are you
lagging I'm not I don't think it's a
server connection things probably
just in turn
that
yeah I really enjoy the fan art that I
get a lot of times I actually miss it
because my attention span's really bad
if someone makes fan art you like have
to tag
me if you want me to see it cuz I
probably won't see it
otherwise I don't usually like getting
tagged for reasons but if it's
specifically because you made fan art
then I would prefer to see
it um Among Us fan art I've gotten Among
Us fan art
finally a
bow yes I've got an Among Us fan is not
the first not the
first where did I just put my arrows
earlier okay I shouldn't be uh
using those too much but
okay V I am ready to go back to the cave
if you want to it's
anytime may as well get some farming in
while I'm
waiting for some reason I thought when
you like tilled the the the ground
grass if you didn't Place something
there it would go away
automatically I don't know why I'm
remembering that cuz I clearly did not
happen with this Farm here
oh I
see I just did not know that
okay now I'm ready if you wish to go
back a spot of dirt was
missed well it's too late now I think
I mean
that oh you're right well
luckily there we
go no this mod is purely um cosmetic
my first short story and my first short
story in the same room
you
I'm just waiting for uh to for us to go
to the
thing no you're you're fine I was just
answering question
I should
probably throw this in
here
okay let us be can
as R2-D2 said to Darth Vader at the
Battle of the Bulge um RTD too s this is
where the fun begins
I think Chad's devolved entirely into
discussing primarily Imperial versus uh
metric system right
now that is that is all they're talking
about right now it's kind of
funny I mean I get
it I think one of the reasons the United
States has a hard time attempting to
switch to metric if it was within their
interest is cu of just the strange
miscommunications and in congruencies
like trying to change a system like that
is uh very
difficult but I wish uh we could just
snap and uh the metric system has been
in place for hundreds of years here wish
we could just snap and it was all just a
dream it's like the imperior system like
straight up doesn't make any sense
whatsoever I'm arya's
voice I do the voice of
Arya you you almost died
usually I'll credit someone if I'm not
the one doing
it where did you go oh I see where you
are
the ARA voice is a little bit difficult
to
do um usually I have to do a warmup for
it and it is pitched up by a semit ton
or too after the
fact so if I did it now it wouldn't
sound precisely like it especially cuz
part of what makes her their voice like
really textural is the the the delay on
it
there is a delay that emphasizes the end
of their
words and obviously I wouldn't be able
to replicate that without opening up
Ableton and during
that but there's a range of my voice I
can ow
reach I could do it but I'm like afraid
of like [__] up because I haven't
warmed up
it's something up
here uh what was the
monologue was like this is the story of
the girl who cried
wolf and then I just like pitched up by
two I can do it a little bit higher but
I'm scared of like not executing it
properly so I'll just leave it that for
now and I kind of like how my voice
sounds when I do that but also it takes
like quite a bit of effort
so maybe not quite a bit of effort but
like it's not something I can do
consciously or or
subconsciously I have to think about it
I'm not really thinking about how I'm
talking right now in
comparison no let's see
because of was trading I just have like
a huge vocal
range it gave me superpowers
it gave me super
powers it is a little scary the main
thing to think about when voice training
is uh it's actually a lot less about
pitch and more about where your voice is
placed in your
mouth so beforehand my voice was like a
lot more in my chest and now it's a lot
more up front and in my
mouth which I actually like cuz I enjoy
sounding more articulate regardless of
anything
else I wonder if I have hold on here let
me disconnect really
quickly
and I can
find most people who have listened to my
music
are newer at this point so everyone
who's like almost everyone in the Stream
is probably from cutie marks and
after
um I've been doing voice training since
but
if where is
it most people don't know what my voice
sounded like
before and I'm going to play it but it
might be like very
shocking what am I looking for exactly
I'm looking
[Music]
for some sort of archive I
think okay
is
it oh
man let's see
I made a video example at some
point now I don't remember where it
is I'm
sure oh I think I just saw it and then I
clicked off of it now I don't know where
I am
anywhere okay
I'm about to play a clip from an
old uh I'm about to play a clip from an
old update video so you could hear what
my voice sounded
like um I think the clip I'm about to
play is from
2018 uh this may jump scare but it's
fine just a warning this was my what my
voice sounded like in 2018 it's fact
time you know it's cool arthropods and
guess what they're on their way they're
coming for you they're they're you're
going to see them now here they are it's
arthropods oh they're invertebrates and
they've got exoskeletons do you buy one
today yeah that was my voice before and
I can't go anywhere that low
anymore and I have't had like proper
voice
training so like no one's helped me like
I just did it by myself so you can do it
too if you want
to no it wasn't an adver it was me
unfortunately
there's a
slime do we have a slime chunk oh my God
that's that's a very conveniently placed
slime chunks
the thing is is for whatever reason my
singing voice I got 10 slime balls from
that it's kind of
fire uh something that is interesting is
that my singing voice hasn't really
changed very much my singing voice has
always had a higher register I think I'm
10 or two or something and it's always
been like
that so it's possible
that that part of my voice voice was
already existing to some capacity that
is a
creeper what the [__] is this thing's
problem it wants to follow
you yeah I'm trying to keep the bat safe
wait sorry I'm going to show one more
thing and this is available for everyone
like anyone can can go seek this out if
they want to because this is just part
of my catalog but I was thinking about
how the wrapping I did for uh Queen's
back is like so cheesy and so SI but
it's like kind of got a flow or
something it's not like the greatest
[__] in the world but I had fun with it
and I was comparing that in my mind
too obviously the verse
was so be it Fireball to the face [__]
I'm 20 like nothing thunder and
lightning still back in my you know that
I couldn't be wait out wait out I still
haven't seen all the [__] You' been
bragging
about it's so silly but it like shows my
rapping voice I guess then versus this
is apparently what I was trying to do in
the 2016 with love letters was was
before the voice
[Music]
training all that matters is the change
I'm so hard
yes I'm hopeless but Roman taken hatred
by the
Antics yes I'm a
queen I got to redo this song but with
like me now I think then then the same
comes in sounds more
expected the viop pony progression lore
is very interesting
I think even my speak speaking Cadence
has shifted a
lot three yeah oh my
God it's a
convention they're cornering me this is
not funny okay well they're
dead they wanted to cosplay Elon Musk
from May 21st
2025 mark your calendars this is a joke
for all intents and purposes this is a
joke this is a joke
image so you do what you got to do
they're really not there cuz like Elon
Musk doesn't really
matter cuz I'm like
joking like he's got there the the
creepers are just uh he's he's
cosplaying
yeah the bats are like the squids in
this game squid game oh
21 this guy [__] sucks at Minecraft
I'm a lot better
okay let's
just go ahead and uh don't speak clicked
out of my [__] chat
thanks you're only on a timeout so you
have one more chance to be nor
noral I don't know who it was they were
just saying some weird [__]
but they have a chance they've they're
only on timeout in like five or 10
minutes they can come back and try
again this is this was not the correct
way to the meeting room and Stanley knew
it perfectly
well perhaps he wanted to stop by the
employee lounge first just to admire it
the lounge was Sublime a work of art but
eager to get back to business Stanley
took the first open door to his
left Stanley was so bad at following
directions it's amaz it's incredible he
wasn't fired years
ago now Stanley I think we got off on
the wrong foot here I'm not your enemy
really I'm not
oh my God you're shoveling me every day
of my life you're shoveling
me I hate this do something else aside
from shoveling me
spawner god what the [__] is up with the
green one is here the green one is here
why broh 21 what the do doing though
Adam let me be clear Hurricane Katrina
more like hurricane tortilla Adam
it was all for
not hey G did you make me a sandwich I
did
it you fine Jeffrey and you fine Jeffrey
and you fine Jeffrey and you fine
Jeffrey and you fine Jeffrey and you
fine Jeffrey
oh the Flesh and the
bone 13
again what's for dinner 13
again I like why Jeffrey do you like
ponies are you just like shakes an Apple
Jack like I don't exactly know if that's
an
answer but it
is it is it is
fine hold on I to defend you from the
many green ones which were approaching
you're fine though
wait make them beef make them beef make
them beef
yes
wait something unusual this way
crawls this is such a war
I don't care if you're neuron Divergent
Twilight Sparkle we have to go to war
precisely dear bro someone asked earlier
what does Ro mean it's just
bro but like funny
so many diamonds this
evening R are you proud of me
why is the green one still here baddy
watch out baddy watch
out you fool
again no like I think there was a point
where I was thinking a lot about arya's
speech
patterns and I was like halfway into
considering Arya speech patterns and
also talking to Baddie and I I stopped
myself cuz I was about to say precisely
your dear
row I was like Arya would actually
probably say that to
someone because they they that's like
yeah never Mak sense
I think now is a good time good a time
as ever to also talk about that Monarch
is like very inspired by Kindred from
League of
Legends I feel like that is obvious to
anyone who's played League of Legends
but it was mostly unintentional at first
it was based on a dream I had and I I
wasn't really in control of the dream
um I'm finding
you at first I was like going to try and
downplay the
inspiration that kred was giving me for
the
album but then at some point I was like
actually it's kind of
fire if I like Embrace this
how's my torches
couple aside from the extraordinary
amount what difficulty are we
on can I even check here or is that
server side prob the way oh not server
side
maybe I don't even remember I think it'
be here I don't
know will be getting obsidian soon I
hope
so yeah
I was like jumping over The Lava like la
la la and I forgot that keep inventory
was off oh my gosh I shouldn't do that
been down
here was going to say maybe we can go to
the tri room but
my inventory is full
again I feel like at least uh one
slightly enchanted sword would be best
for that task but
I'm not doing the chomping sound effects
from Minecraft
ah ah ah no way
so true and
such Why are we in Hawk to a school
oh
well it's just what we have to do
sometimes I sat my ass down and I
listened what could you had that
sentence
ready to say to people in the event
of yes you did
silly sounds is it just the amethyst
thing hold on
is this a
separate hwu a
chamber yes it is no
indiffer the Haka
chamber what
you want
iPhone
what where is my
iPhone yeah hold on take
these I think I forgot to bring my
iPhone with me
hold
on how did I get in
here why is this blocked
off
okay swarm is a home wordun reference
bat did Evil baddy block the
exit
mhm likely story
gas
lighter why do why do only some
skeletons do the freaky little
dance and then many of them do
not many of them walk normal style other
walk with quite a bit of Swag and niess
why don't you to
beef depends which training seminar they
went
to buy old pal loves the pool what can I
say
why am I in like danger
pan I'm going keep it real with you you
even look like
one dumbass
skeleton oh my God
they're stupid they got
caught it might be time to laugh at
their pain and their lack of ingenuity
another amethyst or did I go in here
already probably went in here
already
yes so before I go working on uh love
and pony step the next V Violet Pony
album I was thinking I'd get a couple of
like fun little songs out of the way
yes there's a m shaft
here um 13
again but
why excuse me
how what the
[__]
well that's very
nice and very
kind baddy this uh dungeon just gave me
a mending
book yay bro
hip hip hooray
bro I can put mening on a fishing
rod yeah that's exactly what I can
do yeah I was thinking of getting
getting to some uh just like fun little
songs obviously we're doing no matter
what this year it's going to be vid
thing
cuz 2024 is kind of the year of the
vid wait are you trolling this
person that's all
right um I had some other ideas for some
like oneoff songs I could work
on uh
I had this interest in covering some of
the old MLP
songs like I'd really love to do covers
of Smile song and uh lvas and Bloom and
stuff I was thinking about
how the last time I was rewatching
MLP and smile song came on eyes like
kind of crying really
bad like kind of kind of a really
masterful beautiful song
honestly I think Pinkie Pie just gets to
me cuz
like then there was also the the cheese
sandwich episode and I remember I wasn't
really prepared to feel like emotional
about it but the moment in the cheese
sandwich song
where it like pans to
pinky in his flashback like I just start
balling like my heart just like explodes
into a million pieces it's like such a
like such a full bodied emotional moment
someone was selling their cue Mark
vinal I hope he didn't pay too much cuz
I'm sure we're going to restock at some
point it just won't be the band cam copy
it'll be
different I did a version of Smile song
it was more of an interpolation the song
smile
on that was a long time ago shout out to
anyone who
remembers I think my viewers with the
with the
physicals my fear is uh with ERS and
stuff inflating the prices
CU
um I'm going to mind covering this state
ARA too that is a beautiful
song it's a crazy villain
song
um but I don't really care about like
maximizing profit to the physicals or
anything main my main hope is just to
get physicals out to
people and that I don't lose money doing
so um that said um with things like the
band
camp uh things like the band camp vinyls
uh I'm limited in how I can price them
because of the cost for band camp to do
the Fulfillment the vinyls should
hopefully be cheaper if I'm the one
doing them personally
um but the thing is like I don't really
care about like maximizing the money I
get from the physicals despite that no
one should be paying
like hundred plus dollars for a scop
copy I'm not worried about it cuz I'm
losing out of the money I'm like I don't
want people the [__] vinyl is just
not worth that much
dude you could buy a hell of a lot of
groceries for that
like my brain is like hold off so I can
get like cheaper options for
you think that would be
preferable damn 175 the is crazy cuz
like I have a back stock of the QD marks
finals and I've mainly been selling them
to individuals but I could spend $40
about so it's like compared that to 175
is kind of
crazy here's the thing is I'd love to
eventually
get more of my merchandise and like
physical stuff
sorted but I want to make sure I do that
while absolutely highly prioritizing my
Independence
like I've said in previous streams
uh things are handled the current way
they are
to minimize risk on my end and also not
have to rely on like a label or or like
some other distributor to do these
things because they'll bump up the
prices and then they'll make
it um so that I get less of it
too why
I think we should really head back cuz I
have The Mending book I do not want to
lose
that um so
basically as it stands right
now the way I do physicals has to remain
this way because I can safely minimize
risk and also get things out and ensure
the quality is really good because a lot
of the efficient options and the
affordable options are just garbage and
it's like at that point why would you
even get
it especially if it's going to be price
the
same
um I will not compromise quality for any
reason whatsoever
cuz when I hold a shitty CD I hold a
shitty vinyl I can tell and I I'm just
like sad about
it like you can just
tell okay let's try and get out of here
I
think B
but
yet oh yeah also baddy will do lots of
uh like filet Pony physical merchandise
mostly the stickers and the charms and
stuff it's going to continuously uh do
that
yeah but the main thing is labels also
have connections
to merchandising options and
distribution options and
stuff and so it's tempting to just
succumb
and go with them but I will lose a lot
of the in the independence on on my
Arts I as well as uh you know a lot of
the money that is paid out will not go
to me
either so right now things are harder
work in Limited stock and like kind of
done in bursts but at least it's like
the most fair in terms
of allocation of
everything so basically this is a long
withed way of
saying I'm basically going to re every
offer I get unless someone's willing to
compromise cuz like I can do just fine
by
myself which means anyone who wants to
help me has to listen to my needs and my
demands or else I'll just keep [__]
doing it by myself I don't care
so they have they they need me I don't
need them so that's the main
thing hold on I'm going towards you V
this is a different M shaft
actually completely different part of
the
map I'd be willing to work with some
sort of distribution
situation but they have to meet my needs
for example if I get less than 80% and I
do mean 80% of profit then uh no deal
which which is intense CU they like to
ask for things like 40
60 but you give me 80 or uh we're done
though cuz I can handle
myself I don't know how to get out of
here
a lot of artists have to rely
on distribution and no we can't we
definitely can't el else would spawn in
the
wall so band camp at the end of okay
so I get 86% of band cam sales so if you
spend $10 I get
$860 um and then because I'm an
independent the amount of tax I have to
pay is 30% so basically all the The
Profit I eventually get I have to set
aside 30% and that's not my money
anymore so 30% of $8 860 is
uh
860 time
0.3 I should them the other way 860 *
0.7 so if you spend $10 I effectively
get
six after PayPal fees after band camp
fees after
taxes it sucks but it's like actually uh
currently one of the best
ways all I sincerely do not know how to
get out of here
let my shot just so
scolling and yes I cuz I sell my
physicals through band camp I also the
same margin
occurs except occasionally I I am more
prone to losing money cuz
sometimes the shipping is more than what
I asked for from
customers and instead of like increasing
the prices I'm just like I'll just front
the cost cuz that's
annoying and I do everything through
Camp because it's
streamlined the way I see it
is
the the less the less clicks I make
people do to get where they need to go
the better cuz like I have information
processing issues and so I know what
it's like to not be able to [__] do
anything par analysis paralysis when it
comes to like I don't know where I am
I'm sorry bu analysis paralysis when it
comes to to trying to navigate things so
the more centralized everything is the
better it is for everyone so I will get
fees taken out from physicals for band
camp but since everyone gets to stay in
the same place they buy digital music
and physical music in the same place
it's just better for
everyone yeah we might have to dig up
here's what I'll say is I have enough
listeners on Spotify that the amount
they pay me is like substantial enough
so this is specific to
me this is very specific to me and this
won't apply for other artists in general
but for me Spotify streams are very good
for
me um the way I consume music is I use
streaming to listen to most things and
discover most
things
and
um when I'm really into something I buy
it if there's a physical option for it I
usually go physical if there's only
digital I go digital and even once I've
bought something I will still usually
use the streaming option more because
I've given them money for the purchase
and I'm giving them continuous streams
if I listen to the physical music all
the time they're not gonna get money
from that
so my way of listening to music is
listen mostly through streaming and uh
whenever I really like something I will
go and buy it but then still listen
through streaming
because cuz
yeah that's like the way to maximize the
amount of money that an artist
gets what is this pocket we
found I'm going to torch this in case we
we need to come out here
again and also I'm going to harp on this
every day of my life because uh I I
genuinely think more people need to hear
this especially in this day and
age okay don't worry I'm torching it now
I think it's
uh I'm going to sound like a broken
record every time I talk about this [__]
because uh my opinions are never going
to change but oh if you don't have money
and you want to support an artist uh
pirate their music cuz piracy is Support
also when you want it to
be if you're like not if you're not
already going to buy
it but you want to listen to it uh
piracy is not only you know the best way
of archiving
everything but uh you become a fan and
you enjoy the art that you're
pirating and by Nature you talk about it
with
people and uh that's just helping the
artist you're exposing more people to
that
art pirate from corporations and pirate
from small artists
honestly cuz if you're not able to
support a small artist
anyway then what are you going to do
like are you really just going to not
listen to something cuz you can't buy
it I hate getting into these water
Pockets I really
do art and media should not only be for
the
rich it shouldn't be only for the middle
class even if there is such a thing
anymore art is for everyone
and so are the tools for making
art I think that is the only moral
argument to have especially in the day
where corporations own
everything so always in repetition
piracy is a moral good and a benefit to
everybody what's funny is
you see a lot of companies that try and
create insane piracy protection and you
know what ends up happening is that
protection punishes paying
customers trust me as someone who owns a
lot of music software
plugins I have ditched companies purely
because their DRM is so
bad I used to use a a lot of waves
plugins for oh we finally out we we did
it okay I used to use a lot of waves
plugins and they made it
so we did it dear
bro I used to use a lot of waves plugins
and uh their DRM is so garbage you have
to you can only have two computers
licensed at a time and if you lose
access to one computer you have to
contact support because you can't
remotely unlicense your [__]
and then you have to plead your case in
front of them in front of the benevolent
gods and I've been using uh more uad
plugins now that they're becoming native
and less of a scam but something that is
really irking me is
that sometimes it'll just not detect my
login and it will force me to log in and
I hate that cuz I [__] own the [__]
I'm not even using subscription I I
perpetually own this
stuff and like every few weeks it's like
um can you log in I have no idea if you
own this or
not it doesn't happen often enough that
I want to ditch universal audio
but God if there were Alternatives that
were as good I would probably ditch them
as soon as
possible um
and same thing with uh I I was going on
a big ass [__] rant on Twitter the
other week the other month really where
I own subscriptions to some streaming
services and I do I do have this legally
and I can't even stream my
legally
obtained like videos to my friends over
Discord because of the insane DRM thing
so you know what despite the fact that I
pay for that [__] I stop paying for it
and I find another way because I want to
share it with my
friends the only way to do that is
through
piracy and that was after having legal
access to all these things so really
what is this anti-dm [__] helping
and also to be completely
Fair where would the Violet Pony project
be if I didn't get a cracked version of
Ableton in
2014 think about
it cuz I was using Garage Band before
and there's only so far I can go with
that
I own Ableton now I've own a owned
Ableton for quite a long time but that
was not the case at
first now do you think Ableton
benefited like don't you think ailton
benefited that I was able to have access
to their
stuff where are
you there you are I was able to have
access to their stuff when I didn't have
the money to pay for it and now I'm a
pay cust doesn't that just sound like a
good
deal yeah and I also recommend Ableton
to people that wouldn't have happened if
I didn't get Ableton alternative ways if
it the access for it was completely
barred to me
you finally made it by the way
I have copper
where the [__] did I put my
iPhone there's my iPhone oh I didn't
name an iPhone yet
hello
buddy yes I hear
it I hear
it yes bro
I hurt my iPhone
don't
laugh what are the purple arrows me an
inventory I kind of don't remember it's
part of the inventory
thing it's time to create borne right
away
what should the floor be I kind of want
dark
oak for the floor Maybe not maybe
Birch oh Birch makes sense Birch and
Spruce
okay maybe it's high time to explore
some direction maybe the
snow I'm probably going to stop stream
in a little bit by the way no I'm not
doing a mudre Flor good try
though that was very tempting you're
doing a very good job of tempting
me you should be proud of
yourself I forget why I called that the
shafted Kingdom oh cuz the double M
shaft that's right
sleeper
if I played chess on stream would I be
admired or would I be Jered and
mocked cuz I slowly been
learning I think my chess ELO is 700 on
chess.com and 1,000 something unle us so
not it's fantastic but not dirt awful
either it's like on the high end of
horrible this is a an enormous
[__]
[__] hi
Josh hi Josh
hello I might play chess but you guys
you guys can't make fun of me for how
bad I am
yeah I was about to say unfortunately
not in
prison as far as I know
the strange
Tower you don't think anyone knows here
knows how to play chess I was under the
impression most people knew how to play
chess and I'm just
like completely new to
it both in middle school and high school
um all the people I knew were like Asian
and I'm Asian
but I was the only Asian that didn't
play chess the only Asian that could not
wrap the head around
it
so there's sort of like there there were
two things that all my Asian friends
were good at that was chess and Rubik's
Cube I learned how to do Rubik's Cube a
bit ago so now and I was now I've been
learning chess to complete my joury into
being who I'm supposed to
be I don't think I have any good
Minecraft advice cuz I'm just
whatever if you if you know how to play
chess
tell me in chat so I know how judged I'm
going to get or
not see a weird structure over here it's
not this this big ass thing
this is a very fascinating structure
that goes into deep slate immediately do
you think do you think there's uh some
deep dark cuz this is
just this is not really a mountain as
far as I remember the deep dark doesn't
really spawn unless it's like in an area
of less
erosion which would be like right
underneath a mountain or
something what a [__] cave structure
goly I'll do chess on stream right after
this but you can't make fun of
me under Snowy Mountains okay thank you
so we we probably passed a deep dark
area didn't
we yeah we probably did I'm not going to
pay attention to this right now
okay all right I'm getting
off of Minecraft
bat okay let's get stupid ass
chess stupid ass chess video
game it's not a video game it's just
chess just so I don't [__] my already
dwindling ELO on chess.com I'll do on
just something
maybe yeah do I get this situation
that's cuz that's always fun for
me okay now they're thinking they know
what I'm they know what I'm
doing so now they're
thinking I don't think that's was that
was that how you refute this
cuz this is that this is that
so I think that was the proper way to
refute that what I could do is do this
do this and then not do
this don't give me answers don't don't
tell me how to do
this let me let me think carefully
to me it feels fine if well this L is
undefended too so this that that defends
that that feels fine to me
okay so when they move this
that's is this a thing where I could
take this here here look on this Square
over in these
directions I don't
know feels funny
cuz they they want to get rid of that as
soon as possible because of that
situation yeah
okay so if I already put this here and
here that would be a Checkmate scenario
this [__] weren't in the way as a result
it's
like doubled here it's kind of nice
[Music]
um I'll just do
that okay that's completely
undefended
right was that a good move actually
I'm questioning this
because this is quite weak
now I feel like that this threatens this
the problem is when the Knight moves
somewhere Queen looks here and that's
kind of a
thing
so you know what I go here takes here
takes here puts king in check has to
block has to block or yeah so that's
that's kind of fun actually so I don't
just oh do I have to I don't have to do
with the queen though
actually I could do Rook but
then that would only really be fun if
the queen were blocking cuz then yeah so
it's kind of useless I'm just going to
put this
here takes that go here and then there's
an x-ray situation here which is kind of
nice
eventually this Pawn wants to get over
here that will be covered by The Rook
it's like how many pawns do I want to
sacrifice for this silly
situation this person's name is Freddy
99 like the fish shout out to
Freddy fredward Benson as one might say
okay
um that's not totally garbage
cuz that is like completely
undefended I hadn't considered
that I could move Knight here which
defends
this then nothing defends this which
just check
this would defend over here if this was
here
so I guess I'll do
this
then figure I'll sort this
out I could do this into
this horsey
may
run at the sight of this
Pawn that's fine I
think but it's
not okay it's like definitely not
uh I might have to give up on this
situation I'm going to do this here
protects this this is defended by this
cuz this this Rook has so much pressure
right
now
okay now I get to do this right
and now they're just constantly moving
the same like two
pieces which is uh fun for me fun times
for me they're up a whole night but I'm
about to win one of
these do we get double pawns on both d
and e is that fun
so they can't do this because of that
into that protects
this but uh this does have this idea
though it doesn't really do much cuz
King goes here and this is safe but then
where do it go after it can go here but
that's defended by
this here and then uh here doesn't work
as of this
well now it doesn't matter cuz
uh or does it matter maybe it does I'm
thinking too much I'm running out of
time
here let's
do that I
think okay they really don't want to do
anything about that oh the pin is broken
which means that's fine
they were anticipating that and
uh okay there's uh
some stuff going on
here and
this let's do that cuz now there's def
defense here and I can also bring Queen
to look over here as
well okay I'll take that that that's
defended that's
defended and now I get to look over this
diagonal which is kind of
nice was that a
move sincerely was that a
move this is confusing
me hold on here here here I like that
let's do
it King has to go somewhere block with
the
queen yeah they haven't Castle yet
that's move
17 if they block with the queen that's
fun for me cuz Free Pawn other Free
Pawn I could also I don't really want to
trade anything oh
um I don't think I was anticipating that
well now they can't Castle
so I'll just do
this oh I was not thinking about this
actually this is not very well thought
out yeah I know they would do that
that's a problem that I've just created
for
myself this can come in this battery can
be a
thing but I can take this with check but
only if the queen moves yeah
okay what to do
I'm feeling this over here but maybe
that's too long cuz this is more
efficient this Pawn can't do
anything King might manually
Castle this Pawn is Making Waves in the
chess
Community I don't want to do this cuz
what the hell oh you want to win
this but that's defended so what's that
about they're up one Pawn now they don't
want to take this cuz that' be a
mistake push here we defend this at some
point so I can move the queen
somewhere trading a Rook would be bad
because they're up by one Pawn
still what no no they didn't just do
that no no no no
what
what what was that
for
what that was like the worst possible
move you could have made
I'm so confused Freddy 86 what was
that this this the stun silence is very
reassuring but that this means nothing
to
me okay that might mean something to me
now but does it
actually I'm up a
rook do this with check Queen trade can
happen and then it's two Rooks versus
one Rook I like that
actually but will they do the the queen
trade because that's I think the smart
thing to
do can they win two Rooks one Rook
versus uh two
what
um they're going to win purely by
confusing me too many
times this doesn't really do
anything maybe some thing to [__] with
them
actually if they make the wrong okay
they won't they wouldn't dare but I can
do this or
fun oh they believe in this
Pawn oh they believe in
one two three four five five moves for
this is what they believe in
that is there the tank can't take here
actually that's Checkmate is it
not now with this Pawn here well
actually it was Checkmate without that
pawn there
okay they can go here
now
um I might as well do this anyway just
get the RS
out they just really believe in this
they really
do that's their only
move
this do I take with this or did I take
with a rook I don't
know I'll stare
that uh King can go here
what was
that what are you
doing should I be worried about this
actually now that I'm thinking about it
I'm definitely blundering now that was
not the right way to handle this threat
I should have been Focus focusing on it
earlier what
if oh damn
we just keep making fun of this so oh I
really messed up didn't
I I should have put a priority on this I
I was I was so unconvinced
[Music]
oh wow
yeah what move do they make here do they
go
here they won't go
here that I did not
anticipate they're going to get this now
oh I've or no never mind that's
fine those two don't do that
oh they have that covered
intera if I take this I do this I get no
I don't
whatever I think I'm actually screwed
just a little bit
um wait 20 seconds here here that's
funny that's a funny idea would they
take
this cuz they could just I [__] up so
bad they do take it take
this what is happening
oh why
I'm okay that's enough for me I should
have won that if I were like not cocky
okay let's try and be normal this
time after The Rook blunder too I should
have won that for free
no
no not this
[__] overconfidence is a slow and
Insidious killer
what is that all
about you're looking at this that's
covered that's
dumb I kind of wanted to do this anyway
so and this would defend this so I'll do
that
cuz
H this is a
line that happens I'm not worried about
that trade to be
honest I can Castel this
move sure we'll do that
okay
um do I lock this from happening I think
maybe
uh what is this St
this is like kind of not a good
structure now also I need this KN out
somewhere all the way
back I can get rid of this Pawn this
way uh yeah sure cuz that doesn't do
anything
and what does this do that's my new
question of the day
okay so that's a
trap um if I take here there's that only
defense is this but I'm up a
pawn so takes I went upon actually
that's a good trade for me
now they can take this
back but I can take that back too so
that's I feel like that's a okay trade
for
me I don't mind it I
think I'll go for it I'll pre Move It
For
Fun they'll be like no way nothing
defends the queen I don't know how night
Knights move
if this Knight weren't there there's
this whole situation of like Queen here
they didn't take that
way
okay well that's an attack on the
queen so that might Force the trade
cuz I want the trade now I
think cuz this that's looking
nice
okay that's open
now
um how about that
I was about to be like put this here and
that's that's
covered
um these Bishops are really like do I
mean this speci will be better here
probably but I think I want to move the
king here so it takes that way or
something
okay there's a magical world where this
is over here and looking here through
this
um that that that that would never
happen so
so let's do
it okay they didn't like that this is
not trapped it can go here here
here but now that is open for me so but
then that would be no longer covering
this uh I'm going to threaten this
situation
oh wait I did not think about this uh
clearly
but now what dead
dead
okay can't do this Knights
here
um this is under attack to it I don't
mind it cuz
that's it's been like that actually is
that a thing maybe no it's not why did I
do that dud surely they see this there's
no way they don't see this
come on you got this you can see this
free rook okay good job I don't I'm just
giving them [__]
now it's over for me no maybe I'm so
good this is like my way of like helping
them there's never
this I want this here
honestly if they take that at least he
get
this and they get that okay I'm really
just uh losing a little
bit remember what Freddy T here it's
true I don't
know this is still under attack too I'll
I I'll just give it to them I I I'm
Wonder too many times in a row for that
to matter okay we locked in for real
this
time I I I can win this playing as
black maybe it's better if they they do
it they start the
move
no that's going to happen probably
don't do it you're better than
this
okay I mean that's that's
like
fine so now what what did that lead to
um well there's no there's no this KN
anymore
so I don't want to do this do I I don't
think
so they didn't force me they weren't
trying cuz they didn't bring the queen
out
I can go
here blocks this but I might do one of
these but then there's that but that's
defended by this so that's fine for
now that's out
I don't mind
that that would be like really sweet if
in some world this person took this cuz
that I don't know what this move does
exactly what were they afraid of here
were they afraid
of I don't know cuz I don't have have no
more Knights on the board
so that's
[Music]
whatever if I can get this Knight to go
somewhere else that would be nice I
think what does this push
um what did that accomplish because this
here that here would open up no it was
because that' still be there
I don't know what this
is are they anticipating this want to
break
this but I could easily just say
no then they do this and I get
this but then this this is defending
against this s push so I can kind of see
what they're
doing I did really close off
my my stuff didn't
I oh bye
Baddie almost such when I'm ending
stream bye
bye
um yeah this this this night is kind of
a
interesting I might
do that or okay let me think about this
for a
second cuz we look here does this need
help not really unless this
happens uh let's do
this I want them to get greedy I want I
want
this but they said
no so I might have to do that
now CU then what
oh I took the
queen that was probably the better idea
actually um yeah I'll just do
that one day that's never happening
so um yeah this this is good this is
quite good is there this
triple they took
it
um why
not I might prioritize this push here
try and get this to move somewhere else
and I know they say this
now do they go here no they
go
there I don't
know oh nice
um see this is where I start to why did
I do that that was I was meant to do
this in specific that's
fine I'll just be that
way I don't like
this but this is pretty bad too
so this this is open now that this isn't
here uh were they scared of me me going
here they're defending this this push
here but I can just do that and I can't
do this CU I lose the
work um
true okay well that's not the
worst maybe put these two together I
don't know what is that is defending
this
oh I missed that oh
no and now they're back to that Same Old
Situation
what can they do
though one two um yeah we're a little
uh remember what Freddy taught you I
know 1 two three four that's just two
I can hide here but for how long this is
like a m for
sure they wouldn't yeah I'm kind of just
over I have to win
one no no no no no no no no no no no
I have to just one
one actually let me go
uh maybe I'll be more interesting on the
other
one am I good for the first half and
then I like fall
apart h
that
wasn't that that's not a
thing if I go here I feel like the only
place they can go
is back here because of this
the more times I make their Coen move
the better as
well okay I said no to
this I switch websites
I don't like the notation on chess.com
it's so much harder than un Le chess
that doesn't
exist that simply doesn't
exist dead here dead here dead here
here here has to go here or
here yeah that Queen doesn't want to be
here I
think so that's
fine um
this feels fine to
me it was bound to
happen that's
not because of
this um I go back they do this I go back
then
what then I can do that actually that's
not the
worst this bishop is very in a sad
position right
now so is this potentially but I can fix
the
very yeah that is a
[Music]
problem that is a question that is being
asked right now
I think if I Castle it improves the
situation I'll just have to move King
there one more move I think unless I do
no I can't I have to do
this oh no I don't that's covered so as
long as this s's here
will they be tempted to do this and I
get this
situation
um that's fine
that's not as fine I
think do this this I don't
know they could go here if they wanted
to as
well but if this was
here I could do that covered with this
and then that square would be covered
with
this why would I be worried about this
cuz that is covered that is covered so
maybe that doesn't matter too
much so I'll just move this
here cuz if I go
this I can also do this if they don't
move and they do move I get this and
potentially this if they don't
prioritize
zero idea
okay now they really can't move this
Knight for the time being unless they do
this but that would be only can Castle
actually but then
what there they still have this
potential idea to do here but King is
over here now so
I don't
know okay I'll just do that that's
fine they can't do this
okay now they
can let's
never this never
happens that never happens what am I up
I'm up
to let spring
back
okay I might do
this I don't know yet
yeah
um that is a
problem can't trade because they could
just do
that um
damn
okay I was about to say I wonder if they
would do this thinking I would do this
cuz I'm looking here then the Queen's
here that is what they wanted to
do try to go all the way back and be
back in this
pin I might have
to that's covered that's covered that's
covered that's
covered that's covered that's covered
it's
like saddest Bishop in the
universe buddy old pal is not praying
this
evening I could do
this that okay that is a
problem I have not been careful
okay my hebrus my
Folly the Legends are
true yeah that is a
problem I can do
that so now this is no longer major
threats they can do that when I can take
this okay that makes me feel a little
bit better
um well this this is still a
situation oh
I don't think they would do this
but they probably want to move here
threat okay
something about that something
about this
this they're getting quite boxed in here
I want to
try this
here goes away this threatens this could
run but
it's not exactly a free Pawn
because of
that I'm wondering if they are
interested in okay they saw
that they already saw
it okay
was this kind of a thing now
I'm still up
to um
is Paul aan a fifth
grader I don't
know oh true
that's I I'd rather just this
honestly if these are Rooks do this
that's uh not good either
I might try and get
something I'm ending stream after this
regardless they are the
Thinker they was certainly The
Thinker they they really don't want to
trade that
some random
thing trade I don't
know where would they go after I put
this here here or here that's covered
that's technically covered
okay trade just do
it finally
they can do that I can do that they go
here and then what I move
back what is
happening what is this
activity I guess they're covering
this I'm just taking
just
what first of all that's not happening
ever but that's not even uh
I mean go for it
I feel like I'm running low on time it's
so
they gu I have ideas with this I'm up by
six
so they're kind of losing their I don't
think they can do anything
winning on time isn't exactly satisfying
but it's uh still winning I
guess all right that was something I
suppose no they immediately
rematched he wants me to do that all the
way cuz then that and then that oh I
guess that's covered
by yeah makes sense
it really wants me to keep pushing this
it really loves um
D4 in this position
constantly how bad does that that that
really [__] them
up but
why that's interesting
the amount of times that it suggests
that I put the pawn on D4 is so funny
it's just like over and over like look
it's just over and over again hey maybe
just maybe put the the pawn on D4
please okay it wants me to bring the KN
back then instead of
this uh sure
okay someone said this earlier in chat
this move
here I'm trying to think
what that would have been takes
this I'm struggling to understand
oh I'm stupid because of this and then
that which then
pins this area
yeah yeah okay it's just a good trade
now that makes
sense why did I miss this what was I
scared
of I was scared of Queen taking here and
let's check would just have them moving
here
but yeah makes sense I missed that it's
pronounced
Cypress really prefers I take the queen
this
way but I felt like I went I want a pawn
that way and I was on this tiate of this
whole dance yeah okay Miley
Cypress chess album when that's a really
good question never you already got it
it's called Creek flow I'm Creek flow
I'm flow flow so
yeah all right thanks for looking at
ceramic pieces with
me
um stuff single
pest in a few days second single play
dead play dead November 6 I think and
then album releases November
15th can you guys believe it I announced
an album with a release date and I'm not
changing the release date for
once it's
crazy I one this would be the first
album where I actually said when it was
going to release and it would actually
release then instead of uh constantly
moving things
around I have to uh get better at chess
I think
okay good night